and it feeds your life affirms that to lose weight
it's possible
to change life on the outside we must
change inside at the moment when
let's get ready, God will start
help us and will allow us what
we need
have this television space I tell you
that if you have excess weight you are obese
lose weight is not impossible to keep in mind
that obesity brings with it other
symptoms and diseases that maybe in
the moment you can not detect them
because in the blood studies it came out
all right there's no kind of
alteration and then you shield yourself
saying you're fine clinically without
However metabolic obesity mind
healthy does not exist for that reason because
do not decide to start a new path
which you can understand that for
lose weight as I always tell you is not
question of counting calories or closing
the mouth is simply
eat with intelligence and if you're
doing a treatment to lose weight
with a professional is much better because
they will be working all those areas
confused
food education and it's also going
to help you decide in the case
that is sedentary to perform the
daily physical activity
it does not mean you do not have to do
for one hour has run can you do
fractionated for example 15 minutes to the
morning 15 minutes at noon 15 minutes
in the afternoon say that it is not necessary that
be continuous but it is important that
aerobic physical activity do not
because it's going to help you activate the
metabolism
make a nutritional plan that brings you
all the nutritional principles so that
you do not have to suffer hardships
so you can understand that the
fried foods do not lead you to anything good and
that can be replaced by a good
plate of food without the need to shout
and many times there are dishes that you say
that rich however have a low
fat content that make you
you can include weekly and
you can vary the preparations
so you can not have routine in your
dishes of meals and that variety you
help whoever prolongs your motivation
we say achieve
make that click on the head and feel that
nothing is impossible when one presents in
your mind the goal and leave it there
installed and does not let it get away
and much more when it implies an increase in
the quality of life
try to cheat yourself of excess weight
sooner or later it can bring problems to
Your Health
why same decide to start that
path that can be short long but in
definitive is going to help you
feel happy for having achieved a
objective that maybe today you think it was
something impossible however that what
you proposed and you succeeded
let's not count our failures but
our experiences what today
we call failure is not more than the
experience we need to
succeed tomorrow